I've never done much about psychiatrists
or mental health right
except I heard and read and seen on the
TV deranged psychopath
and then one day I saw a psychiatrist
but not for hurting my dad for hurting
myself deranged deranged
array of spotting range ciphers deranged
weirdo stay calm
insane hello Alex
now I'm gonna I'm gonna say all names
you and I can tell when you recognize
this thing or not can you do that for me
Alex end
Alex why did you turn around I believe
you Alex but the clocks behind me and
behind you it's Benjy behind Jones first
you first you hit and you haven't you
woodwork teacher then you haven't your
father and he had yourself I wanted to
explain how it didn't sound it wasn't
like that
they know about me now I'm gonna have to
leave they're gonna make me go
you see I broke them but not broken it
like a tree when it gets cut down but
even broke up your egg when it falls on
the floor I'm broken in duck of bones
painfully in protest but you would have
known that because you can't see me
under the attics can see me there goes
me believe you see there's only one
thing to do so we can be together
forever
everyone was against me everyone thought
I was some kind of lunatic that I I
wasn't even human in here everyone was
against me everything was out of focus
outreach everything was just not clear
in my head my mom hated me you just
broke that picture I just saw you at it
it wasn't me you just picked up our
picture throw this on the floor we
didn't do anything I just saw you I was
Benjy don't be so stupid
there's no such thing as Benjy yes
my dad didn't trust me where is my money
where is it
so where's it gone and you took it
enough with Benji Benji isn't here
no she was just on storms freak e/k do
you know what it means it means that you
you're sick and twisted free do you know
how it feels to be me all my favor
shadow of win deranged psychopath sister
I can't even get boyfriend because of
you you told him about me didn't you
Alex know what it doesn't feel ready
Newton you told them about me make me go
they mustn't make
they can't let Kurt they're gonna make
me leave you and you'll be all on your
own
no mg must be miss you at all times
because Alex needs Benji and its needs
Benji and it's nice looks like Benji
there's something that we can do those
something which is gonna make a
difference do I tell you don't you love
me yeah yeah nothing challenge I do I
thought you said you loved me
don't you know don't you need me because
the we've said Alex needs Benji that's
what you said Alex remember back
remember Alex needs Benji
Benji Benji burrow you Benji you
accompany you did it you actually did it
you killed yourself so we could be
together forever
don't worry they never left you anyway I
have them bonini
we can be together forever
I wish I told you more oh if I told you
that I'd not do every day I love you I'm
so sorry